Additional code from xclim (#107)
Ouranosinc/xsdba: CONTRIBUTING.rst

Please note that this project is released with a `Contributor Code of Conduct <https://github.com/Ouranosinc/xsdba/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md>`_.
By participating in this project you agree to abide by its terms.

General notes for implementing new bias-adjustment methods
----------------------------------------------------------

* Method are implemented as classes in ``src/xsdba/adjustment.py``.

> * If the algorithm gets complicated and would generate many dask tasks, it should be implemented as functions wrapped by :py:func:`~xsdba.map_blocks` or :py:func:`~xsdba.map_groups` in ``src/xsdba/_adjustment.py``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the algorithm is complex and would generate many `dask` tasks, it should be implemented as functions wrapped by :py:func:`~xsdba.map_blocks` or :py:func:`~xsdba.map_groups` in ``src/xsdba/_adjustment.py``.
```

> * If you are working on numba-accelerated function that uses ``@guvectorize``, consider disabling caching during the development phase and reactivating it once all changes are ready for review. This is done by commenting ``cache=True`` in the decorator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you are working on `numba`-accelerated functions that use ``@guvectorize``, consider disabling caching during the development phase and reactivating it once all changes are ready for review. This is done by commenting ``cache=True`` in the decorator.
```
